# [Software Engineers are Lazy, and Beyond Just Code](https://www.bbc.com/worklife/article/20210727-the-rise-of-never-ending-job-interviews)

It is very common to hear that software engineers are some of the laziest people on the planet, but this is often only in the context of coding. The article by BBC above gives insights about how software engineers can also be lazy in the process of applying to jobs.<br><br>
On a more serious note, the article indicates how companies which have a long interview process consisting of a high number of interviews are often missing out on the opportunity to hire the best talent, because too many interviews are often seen as a red flag by software engineers. It drives them away from the job as they develop doubts about the company's culture in terms of decision making, and they often leave negative comments on review sites discouraging others from applying. Companies might have to put an end to overly complicated hiring processes to prevent candidates from running away.

## Comment from Brandon Chao
It's interesting to see that when companies invest so many resources into finding their "ideal" candidate, they end up empty-handed because they made the hiring process so complex. One interview is most likely not enough to gauge an applicant, but these companies are scheduling excessive interviews for almost no reason. Especially when even the HR department doesn't even know when the "final round" of interviews would be. Besides driving applicants away, this process is a poor investment with diminishing returns for the companies themselves. 